hey guys i'm john from fast films and
today we're covering a 2020 thriller
movie called let it snow
the movie flips off at a wonderful ski
resort in republic of georgia in the
year 2017. a man's voiceover states that
three years ago was his last happy
christmas and the movie then shifts to a
never-ending snowfield where a young
girl gets knocked down by a snowboarder
the guy gets up and leaves the little
girl to die in the freezing snow of the
black ridge mountain
three years later a couple drives along
the mountainous road towards the
snow-capped mountains
after traveling across the winding roads
they reach the hotel where the woman
gives the reference of the shining movie
and jokes that she doesn't want to end
up like that with that they carry on
their jests inside where a creepy
looking receptionist greets them
the guy named max spellman checks in
with his reservation of the georgia ski
hotel while stating that they're
planning to go to the black ridge
a strange shadow looms over the
receptionist's face as she hears the
name and suddenly advises them not to go
there due to certain unknown dangers and
unnatural deaths that occur there
max reassures them that they're experts
and will want the helicopter to take
them at the summit in the meantime his
girlfriend observes a painting of mary
and jesus in the hallway after getting
the pass they proceed to their first
class hotel room
max grabs a beer bottle from the fridge
as his girlfriend mia smokes a cigarette
at the balcony while indulging in the
breath taking view of the mountains
after a while max comes out and throws
away her cigarette and they proceed to
talk about the gloriousness of the space
the night falls in and after a bath mia
walks to the bed where they drop into
the deep crevices of romance and during
their love max asks what she would do if
he asked her to marry him
mia laughs it off and they sleep late at
night she's about to get out of the
apartment for a walk when suddenly she
faces the receptionist right outside the
door
she hands me a wine bottle as a gift and
requests her to reconsider their quest
of the black ridge as a man with a
family died there recently
mia is shaken by her sudden appearance
and eeriness and asks her to leave but
before going the receptionist puts a
cross on their door
mia senses the absurdity and wakes up
her boyfriend but as he checks the door
is clean
the following morning as they're
preparing mia finds a ring in max's bag
her face beams with happiness and they
leave the room in their snowboarding kit
at the reception the woman gives them a
grave look as they leave
in the meantime the emergency rescuers
take out a corpse of a free rider who
died on the black ridge his wife starts
crying and is taken away while max and
mia catch his glimpse
mia gets suspicious about the adventure
but max reassures her that it's nothing
with that they reach up the mountain
where the helicopter is waiting for them
the pilot also warns them about the
black ridge and mia's suspicions are
fortified now but max is still stubborn
about going to the top
nevertheless max bribes the pilot and
they fly up the black ridge
on their way mia notices a black cross
planted in the snow and the pilot then
shares the story of the girl who was
killed by two free riders
that crosses her commemoration and free
riders just like them also die there now
max laughs it off and they finally get
dropped at the summit after reaching the
highest peak they drop their boards and
start gliding through the snow
the couple enjoy their ride to the most
as their boards break the snow in a
harmonious stream
after a while mia stays back to snap
some pictures while max proceeds down to
the valley but as the moments pass dense
fog starts to surround mia as she tries
to contact max a snowmobile rider
appears behind her and knocks her down
in the snow
after the blackout she finds herself
sprawled on all fours after much effort
she gets up and tries to contact max by
every means possible but no connection
is made
nevertheless she starts walking in the
endless snow field trying to catch a
signal while sweet memories of herself
with max replay in her mind as he
discusses that he will take her to
georgia for a wonderful trip
presently mia walks amidst the knee deep
snow until she comes across a silhouette
in the distance relief appears on her
face as she watches max at some distance
but surprisingly she walks on a track
side layered by fresh rose flowers
that raises suspicion in her mind as she
senses that max isn't talking or
answering her as well
suddenly she witnesses the snowmobile
writer dragging her boyfriend away mia
runs after him crying for help but they
disappear into the fog helpless and not
knowing where to go mia tumbles in the
snow until she notices the rider at the
horizon
the person cladded in all black lifts up
a trigger and clicks it in a single tick
a blast erupts an avalanche at the
mountain top
mia shutters with fear and starts her
descent via snowboard but ultimately
gets caught up in the oncoming snowstorm
fortunately she survives but as she
tries to get out a spike plunges beside
her time and again
one swipe injures her arm and it starts
to bleed while we witness the black
rider outside trying to murder her in
the meantime the scenario flashes back
into the past where mia shares a dream
with max consisting of their daughter
presently mia manages to thrust out one
bloodied hand and she gets pulled out by
someone a man can then be seen dragging
her away and the scene shifts into a hut
where the guy takes out a knife and
approaches mia but instead of harming
her the old guy tends to her wounds
suddenly mia notices the same painting
of mary and jesus from the hotel placed
in his hut the old guy speaks in his
native language asking her the reason
for being here in the disastrous weather
and the doomed place
moreover he states that it's too
dangerous even for them to get out at
this time
in the interim the film flips to the
georgia hotel where the receptionist
calls someone and states that she's not
helping anymore it's not the tourist's
fault and dad feels the same way that it
is too much now and it needs to stop
back at the hut the old man shows mia a
picture of his granddaughter as they sit
by the fire he states that she died
three years ago on christmas and then
proceeds to play a song that was sung by
her
tears flood his eyes as the girl's
melodious voicings let it snow
later the old man talks to himself that
it must end now and that he will help
mia the next morning mia wakes up to
find the hut totally empty she walks
outside and finds a quad bike suddenly
her eyes locate max's glove in the snow
she picks it up and realizes that he's
in danger she immediately runs inside to
gather the supplies and upon coming back
she faces the black rider once again who
has apparently taken out the quad bike's
key
after flashing the key in front of her
the rider drives away in the snow
in the interim we see the rescuers
putting up wooden posts with stop signs
while mia limps across the snowy field
she keeps walking for countless hours
until she drops unconscious meanwhile
the search party dispatches and states
that nobody's here to be found
just then mia regains her senses and
tries to call out for help but the
rescue party leaves her heaving in the
snow
distressed and destitute mia sways to a
tunnel where she witnesses baby dolls
impaled by spikes
moreover one of them has the other glove
from max's hand
slowly she moves inside to find the
tunnel vandalized by black crosses
further at the end she finds the old man
in a miserable state tied by the ropes
his mouth bleeds as he advises mia to
run away instantly one looked back and
she witnesses the black rider standing
behind her with that mia's on the run
again while we hear the old man's voice
saying that he tried to stop it but his
loved one went crazy
later mia wakes up in the snow and tries
to contact max
surprisingly a connection forms up but
suddenly the girls let it snow starts
playing in the background
that freaks mia out but she collects
herself and reassures max that she's
coming to save him gathering all her
remaining strength mia staggers on her
journey again along the way her vision
starts to blur as she uses the snow to
get some water down her throat amidst
the blurred sight mia notices the
engagement ring appear on her finger in
the flashback where max asked her to
marry him
alas it doesn't last and she continues
ahead but comes face to face with the
black rider again
this time the person chases her with an
axe and she runs blindly until she tips
over the edge and falls deep down the
abyss and everything blacks out
time passes and as her vision clears up
she witnesses the face of her boyfriend
in front of her suddenly she wakes up to
find herself safe and alive on the
boulder
beside her a magnificent waterfall flows
in all of its glory
mia manages to get up drink the water
and wash her face
afterwards she continues her path
besides the flowing creek at one point
she has to cross the freezing water to
get to the other side and just as she
gets out the black rider appears on the
other side of the creek
they both stare at each other and mia
cries out in exasperation
her shouts echo through the mountains as
the killer stares at her silently
after a while the rider silently turns
back and leaves with a sigh of relief
mia proceeds with her quest and stops at
a place to grab a bite from the frozen
food
later she continues to a place where she
lights up the fire and sleeps beside it
the movie then shows us a recollection
where mia expresses her wishes to have a
baby and start a family back at the base
of black ridge mia wakes up beside the
extinguished fire and tries to contact
max once again but receives no response
at all
slowly she gets up and tumbles once
again with the energy totally drained
out mia limps in the snow while all her
life's moments flash before her eyes
including the time when max disappeared
alas she notices somebody in the
distance she hobbles towards the edge
towards the edge of the mountain to find
a snowman
not just a normal snowman but a dead
person inside it one look at his
extended hand and we see him holding the
engagement ring that mia found in max's
bag
she slowly takes it out and puts it in
her ring finger a painful smile appears
on her face as she hugs the snowman and
nostalgic moments spring up in her mind
as she talks to her dead boyfriend the
black rider appears behind her without
wasting any other moment mia holds max
in her arms and we see them topple over
the edge of the mountain hundreds of
feet below
the rider drives to the edge and watches
the canyon drop the rider then drives to
the cross which states katie gagid
2006-2017
we miss you the movie now flips back to
2017 as katie's loved ones observed the
aftermath her mother cries hysterically
at her death while we see her
grandfather and the receptionist who's
katie's aunt standing beside her dead
body
the three of them mourn over the
unfortunate demise of the innocent girl
and now we see the writer taking off the
helmet and it is actually katie's mother
underneath the old guy's voice dictates
that blood feud is part of their
traditions and nothing is worse than the
revenge of a heartbroken mother with
that katie's mother carves two more
crosses in the wooden base and in the
final moments we see katie's video of
singing let it snow merrily on a
christmas day while her mother and
everyone around her cheers her up in a
twist of events the camera pans down the
mountain and we witness that mia is not
dead
wretched and devastated she wakes up and
finds herself alive with anguish boiling
inside her she shrieks out furiously and
the movie fades out as a closure
thanks for watching guys